update Findings page (#1384)
semgrep/semgrep-docs: src/components/reference/_triage-states.mdx

| **Ignored** | Findings that are ignored are present in the code but have been labeled as unimportant. Ignore findings that are false positives or deprioritized issues. Mark findings as [ignored through Semgrep Cloud Platform](/semgrep-code/triage-remediation/) or by adding a [nosemgrep code comment](/ignoring-files-folders-code/#reference-summary). |
| **Fixed** | <p>Fixed findings were detected in a previous scan but are no longer detected in the most recent scan of that same branch. </p> <p> To change the state of a finding to **fixed**: <ol type="a"><li>Fix the code so the rule does not match it.</li><li>Edit the Semgrep rule to no longer match the code.</li></ol></p> |

### Remove findings

You can **remove** findings. Semgrep considers a finding removed if it is not found in the most recent scan of the branch where Semgrep initially detected it due to any of the following conditions:

> * The rule used isn't enabled on the repository anymore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The rule that detected the finding isn't enabled in the policy anymore.
```
IIRC, rules are removed through the policies page, so I tried to clarify that here.

* The filepath where the finding appeared is no longer found. The filepath was deleted, renamed, added to a `.semgrepignore` file, added to a `.gitignore` file, or added to the list of ignored paths in Semgrep Cloud Platform.
* For GitHub organization accounts: the PR or MR where the finding was detected has been closed without merging.

> Your removed findings do not count toward the fix rate or the number of findings. The removed findings also do not appear in the Semgrep Cloud Platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your removed findings do not count toward the fix rate or the number of findings. The removed findings also do not appear in Semgrep Cloud Platform.
```
